Updates CONTRIBUTING.md to better describe what an atomic PR is (#25779)
ParadiseSS13/Paradise: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

### Pull Request Guidelines

> - Keep your pull requests atomic and reviewable whenever possible. Do not bundle unrelated fixes even if not bundling them generates more pull requests. In case of mapping PRs that add features - consult a member of the development team on whether it would be appropriate to split up the PR to add the feature to multiple maps individually.

Reviewer: I think it couldn't hurt to be a bit more verbose here, let me know what you think
```suggestion
- Keep your pull requests atomic. Each pull request should strive to address one primary goal, and should not include fixes or changes that aren't related to the main purpose of the pull request. Unrelated changes should be applied in new pull requests. In case of mapping PRs that add features - consult a member of the development team on whether it would be appropriate to split up the PR to add the feature to multiple maps individually.
```

Author: Lewcs Good To Me 👍
